Updating FAQs in connectbook (#95)
OSGConnect/connectbook: training/resources/frequently-asked-questions-faq-.md

In general, we support most software that fit the distributed high throughput computing model. Users are encouraged to download and install their own software. For some software, we support distributed software modules listed [here](https://support.opensciencegrid.org/support/solutions/articles/12000048518). Software can be added to the modules upon request. 
 
Additionally, users may install their software into a Docker container which can run on OSG as a Singularity image.  See [this guide](https://support.opensciencegrid.org/support/solutions/articles/12000024676-docker-and-singularity-containers) for more information. 

**How do I access a specific software application?**

We have implemented modules within OSG Connect to manage the software that is available to users. Modules allow for easy access to a number of software and version options. Our [Accessing Software using Distributed Environment Modules](https://support.opensciencegrid.org/support/solutions/articles/12000048518) page provides more details on how to use modules in OSG Connect.
 
**Are there any restrictions on installing commercial softwares?**

> We only provide software that is freely distributable. At present, we do not have or support most commercial software due to licensing issues. (One exception is running [MATLAB standalone executables](https://support.opensciencegrid.org/support/solutions/articles/5000660751-basics-of-compiled-matlab-applications-hello-world-example) which have been compiled with the MATLAB Compiler Runtime).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can only *directly* software that is freely distributable. At present, we do not have or support most commercial software due to licensing issues. (One exception is running [MATLAB standalone executables](https://support.opensciencegrid.org/support/solutions/articles/5000660751-basics-of-compiled-matlab-applications-hello-world-example) which have been compiled with the MATLAB Compiler Runtime).  Software that is licensed to individual users (and not to be shared between users) can be staged within the user's /home directory with HTCondor transferring to jobs, but should not be staged in OSG's public data staging locations (see https://support.opensciencegrid.org/support/solutions/articles/12000002985-data-management-and-policies). Please get in touch with any questions about licensed software.

```
